Golden Path documentation (#149)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/tutorials/helloworldparttwo.md

     public class HelloWorldPlayer : NetworkBehaviour

```
</details>

> Inside this class we  Nowdefine a `NetworkVariable` to represent this player's networked position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside this class we now define a `NetworkVariable` to represent this player's networked position.
```

Author: updated

            ReadPermission = NetworkVariablePermission.Everyone
        });
```
</details>

### Introducing the concept of Ownership 

>  In the `HelloWorldPlayer.cs `Script we  introduce the concept of ownership on a `NetworkVariable` (read and write permissions). For the purposes of this demo, the server will be authoritative on the `NetworkVariable` representing position. All clients are able to read the value, however.

Reviewer: I just want to confirm that this is actual language on a `NetworkVariable`, @mattwalsh-unity. The concept of ownership, I thought, was reserved for `NetworkObject`s. I just don't want to conflate the two terms and confuse users. 

We could simplify things here and focus on just the permission of the `NetworkVariable` and how by defining the permissions as we have, only the server has permissions to write to the value of the `NetworkVariable`, while clients are only allowed to read from it.

Author: modifed text

One build instance can create a host. Another client can join the host's game. Both are able to press a GUI button to move. Server will move immediately and be replicated on client. Client can request a new position, which will instruct the server to modify that server instance's position `NetworkVariable`. That client will apply that `NetworkVariable` position inside of it's Update() method.

<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/khZh7lZPzqc?playlist=khZh7lZPzqc&loop=1&&autoplay=0&controls=1&showinfo=0&mute=1"   width="854px"
        height="480px" className="video-container" frameborder="0" position="relative" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; loop; playlist; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"  allowfullscreen=""></iframe>

:::note Congrats!

> Congratulations you have learnt the basics of a networked game 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations you have learned the basics of a networked game.
```

Author: Done
